docs(expo-router): document streaming SSR and `generateMetadata()` (#45371)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/web/server-rendering.mdx

You can customize the root HTML document by creating a **src/app/+html.tsx** file. This component wraps all routes and runs only on the server.

> The [`useServerDocumentContext`](/versions/unversioned/sdk/router/#useserverdocumentcontext) hook from `expo-router/html` provides metadata and asset nodes that the server renderer injects into the document. You must spread these values into your HTML to ensure metadata, fonts, and CSS are included in the response:

Reviewer: Should we add a note that tells users that when they customise/migrate `+html` to this pattern, SSR is not going to work correctly if they leave any of these out?

> When creating a custom `+html.tsx` template, you must use all properties returned to you by `useServerDocumentContext`. Otherwise, your server-side rendered HTML page may appear broken or your app may not function correctly.

The **+html.tsx** file is only used by the server renderer and never by client code. This means:

- It will be run by `expo-server` during server rendering

> - It is not rehydrated on the client, and hence shouldn't use React hooks other than [`useServerDocumentContext`](/versions/unversioned/sdk/router/#useserverdocumentcontext)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- It is not rehydrated on the client, and should only use [`useServerDocumentContext`](/versions/unversioned/sdk/router/#useserverdocumentcontext) React hook
```

- You may not import global CSS in `+html.tsx` (use the [Root Layout](/router/basics/navigation-layouts/#root-layout) for styles)
- You may not call browser APIs like `window` or `document` in your `+html.tsx`

All `+html.tsx` components are expected to render the `children` prop they receive in their JSX content.

## Metadata

> Routes can export a [`generateMetadata` function](/versions/unversioned/sdk/server/#generatemetadatafunctionrequest-params) to define per-page metadata such as title, description, and Open Graph tags. This function runs on the server before rendering begins. Its result is injected into the `<head>` of the HTML document via the `headNodes` provided by [`useServerDocumentContext`](/versions/unversioned/sdk/router/#useserverdocumentcontext) in your [Root HTML](#root-html) component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Routes may export a [`generateMetadata` function](/versions/unversioned/sdk/server/#generatemetadatafunctionrequest-params) to define per-page metadata such as title, description, and Open Graph tags. This function runs on the server before rendering begins. Its result is injected into the `<head>` of the HTML document via the `headNodes` provided by [`useServerDocumentContext`](/versions/unversioned/sdk/router/#useserverdocumentcontext) in your [Root HTML](#root-html) component.
```

Deferring to Aman here on "may" vs "can"

Not sure if we prefer addressing the user directly, i.e.:

> You can/may export a `generateMetadata` function to [...]

Reviewer 2: "may" indicates that this is optional, but "can" is more conversational, especially if we decide to address the developer directly using "you". For consistency, I'd stick with "can" but I'd leave this for Hassan to decide.

> Export a [`generateMetadata` function](/versions/unversioned/sdk/server/#generatemetadatafunctionrequest-params) from your route file and return a [`Metadata`](/versions/unversioned/sdk/server/#metadata) object. The function receives the incoming request and route parameters, which you can use to generate metadata dynamically:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Export a [`generateMetadata`](/versions/unversioned/sdk/server/#generatemetadatafunctionrequest-params) function from your route file and return a [`Metadata`](/versions/unversioned/sdk/server/#metadata) object. The function receives the incoming request and route parameters, which you can use to generate metadata dynamically:
```
